Update README (#7)
sensu/sensu-extensions-deregistration: README.md

## Configuration

### Extension configuration

> By default this extension will attempt to communicate with the Sensu API running on 127.0.0.1 port 4567. These settings can be overridden by providing deregistration configuration attributes on the Sensu server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default this extension attempts to communicate with the Sensu API running on 127.0.0.1 port 4567. These settings can be overridden by providing deregistration configuration attributes on the Sensu server.
```
